Palestinian children in the West Bank
Marching for Palestinian children in
Gaza this show of solidarity saw
residents of ramala not only on strike
but also on the
streets the Palestinian people deserve
support we're a peaceloving people but
we are rising up in the face of a far
right government in Israel and a
far-right Administration in the United
States calls for a ceas fire came from a
new generation of Palestinians angry at
Israeli
bombardment we are Marching to stop the
war to stop the killing of children in
Gaza and please God so that Gaza wins as
well as an end to the war these
demonstrators displayed their support
for a Palestinian State and some of them
for
Hamas young Palestinians here in ramala
are not counted just to strike they also
wanted to come out onto the streets to
show their anger against Israel and
against the
west and across the checkpoint in
Jerusalem a complete shutdown in the
Muslim quarter of the old city the
strike will be felt in people's pockets
after a significant loss of trade and
tourist income since the 7th of October
attack according to the Arab Chamber of
Commerce in Jerusalem nine in 10
businesses have seen their prophets
reduced to close to zero we are in
Jerusalem and the Palestinian people not
only against what Israel doing in Gaza
we Al we also against who the the the
the Internationals who support Israel to
do this with us especially United States
and Britain and Italy and
German Israel and its International
allies say the conflict must continue
until Hamas releases all of its hostages
and no longer poses a threat but
Palestinian activists are desperate for
more international support to stop the
war before more GS and civilians pay the
price muhana tunji BBC News Arabic
ramala